>>> 10 lines with most stops <<<
lineNumber: 631 numStops: 153
lineNumber: 639 numStops: 140
lineNumber: 626 numStops: 133
lineNumber: 636 numStops: 116
lineNumber: 819 numStops: 112
lineNumber: 638 numStops: 109
lineNumber: 637 numStops: 104
lineNumber: 620 numStops: 93
lineNumber: 312 numStops: 83
lineNumber: 783 numStops: 78
>>> All stops for line 631 <<<
stopPointName: Angskär-Skogsvik
stopPointName: Koholma
stopPointName: Björnö trädgårdsväg
stopPointName: Tomta södra
stopPointName: Frötuna skola
stopPointName: Östhamra
stopPointName: Mutsunda
stopPointName: Räfsnäs norra
stopPointName: Kungsgårdens vägskäl
stopPointName: Räfsnäs såg
stopPointName: Norrtälje busstation
stopPointName: Fagervik
stopPointName: Rådmansö skola
stopPointName: Campus Roslagen
stopPointName: Nänninge vägskäl
stopPointName: Södersviks affär
stopPointName: Aspnäs
stopPointName: Humlegårdstorpet
stopPointName: Myntarbyholm
stopPointName: Björnö gård
stopPointName: Tomta vägskäl
stopPointName: Västergårdens vägskäl
stopPointName: Åkerögården
stopPointName: Kolbotten
stopPointName: Räfsnäs såg
stopPointName: Spillersboda såg
stopPointName: Grindvaktsvägen
stopPointName: Bläsboda
stopPointName: Boängsvägen
stopPointName: Vreta östra
stopPointName: Björnö trädgårdsväg
stopPointName: Myntarbyholm
stopPointName: Gräddö Västerby
stopPointName: Karlsborg
stopPointName: Björkö Örn
stopPointName: Bläsboda
stopPointName: Gustavslund
stopPointName: Rådmanby by
stopPointName: Gräddö torg
stopPointName: Nänninge vägskäl
stopPointName: Lervik
stopPointName: Räfsnäs garage
stopPointName: Räfsnäs norra
stopPointName: Vreta västra
stopPointName: Gräddö Västerby
stopPointName: Fagervik
stopPointName: Rådmansö kyrka
stopPointName: Gräddö gamla skola
stopPointName: Södersvik östra
stopPointName: Bygärdet
stopPointName: Nyby-Bussholmens vägskäl
stopPointName: Grindvaktsvägen
stopPointName: Bygärdet
stopPointName: Infjärden
stopPointName: Vreta västra
stopPointName: Myntarby äng
stopPointName: Kullstugan
stopPointName: Brantbacken
stopPointName: Norrtälje busstation
stopPointName: Södersviks affär Slingan
stopPointName: Kolbotten
stopPointName: Rådmanby affär
stopPointName: Gräddö gamla skola
stopPointName: Stakbron
stopPointName: Riddersholms skola
stopPointName: Östernäs affär
stopPointName: Kullstugan
stopPointName: Nänninge-Brevik
stopPointName: Södersvik östra
stopPointName: Lervik
stopPointName: Angskär-Solbacken
stopPointName: Håtö vägskäl
stopPointName: Uppnäs
stopPointName: Spillersboda såg
stopPointName: Spillersboda skola
stopPointName: Nänninge-Brevik
stopPointName: Räfsnäs södra
stopPointName: Koholma
stopPointName: Ramsta
stopPointName: Backtorp
stopPointName: Aspnäs
stopPointName: Näset
stopPointName: Mutsunda
stopPointName: Backtorp
stopPointName: Strömsborg
stopPointName: Vreta handel
stopPointName: Görla östra
stopPointName: Nabbo
stopPointName: Östhamra
stopPointName: Skarängen
stopPointName: Nabbo
stopPointName: Åkerögården
stopPointName: Räfsnäs brygga
stopPointName: Görla östra
stopPointName: Gustavslund
stopPointName: Björkö Örn
stopPointName: Västergårdens vägskäl
stopPointName: Stakbron
stopPointName: Görla industriområde
stopPointName: Räfsnäs vägskäl
stopPointName: Nyängsvägen
stopPointName: Åkerö affär
stopPointName: Brantbacken
stopPointName: Humlegårdstorpet
stopPointName: Räfsnäs garage
stopPointName: Västernäs
stopPointName: Vreta handel
stopPointName: Nyby-Bussholmens vägskäl
stopPointName: Södersvik södra
stopPointName: Räfsnäs södra
stopPointName: Görla mellersta
stopPointName: Boängsvägen
stopPointName: Gräddö torg
stopPointName: Spillersboda vägskäl
stopPointName: Skarängen
stopPointName: Näset
stopPointName: Görla industriområde
stopPointName: Zimsdal
stopPointName: Spillersboda vägskäl
stopPointName: Rådmansö kyrka
stopPointName: Infjärden
stopPointName: Vreta östra
stopPointName: Kapellskär
stopPointName: Karlsborg
stopPointName: Östernäs affär
stopPointName: Ramsta
stopPointName: Spillersboda brygga
stopPointName: Angskär-Skogsvik
stopPointName: Björnö gård
stopPointName: Brantbacken
stopPointName: Spillersboda vägskäl
stopPointName: Zimsdal
stopPointName: Rådmanby affär
stopPointName: Aspnäs
stopPointName: Rådmanby by
stopPointName: Angskär-Solbacken
stopPointName: Myntarby äng
stopPointName: Nyängsvägen
stopPointName: Görla mellersta
stopPointName: Campus Roslagen
stopPointName: Uppnäs
stopPointName: Söderuddens vägskäl
stopPointName: Strömsborg
stopPointName: Spillersboda skola
stopPointName: Kungsgårdens vägskäl
stopPointName: Södersvik södra
stopPointName: Tomta vägskäl
stopPointName: Södersviks affär
stopPointName: Åkerö affär
stopPointName: Riddersholms skola
stopPointName: Söderuddens vägskäl
stopPointName: Västernäs
stopPointName: Håtö vägskäl